Clarifying which plans support multiple Jira instances (#959)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira: readme.md

This plugin supports a two-way integration between Mattermost and Jira. Jira Core and Jira Software products, for Server, Data Center, and Cloud platforms are supported. It has been tested with versions 7 and 8.

> For versions v3.0 and later of this plugin, support for multiple Jira instances is offered for Mattermost E20, Professional and Enterprise plans, configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira#readme). Note that for versions v3.0.0 and v3.0.1 of this plugin, an E20 license is required to set up multiple Jira instances. 

Author: Is v3.0.0 and v3.0.1 available for Professional and Enterprise plans? @mickmister

> For versions v3.0 and later of this plugin, support for multiple Jira instances is offered for Mattermost E20, Professional and Enterprise plans, configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira#readme). Note that for versions v3.0.0 and v3.0.1 of this plugin, an E20 license is required to set up multiple Jira instances. 

Author: Thanks! Makes sense, removed the sentence @mickmister

> For versions v3.0 and later of this plugin, support for multiple Jira instances is offered for Mattermost E20, Professional and Enterprise plans, configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira#readme). Note that for versions v3.0.0 and v3.0.1 of this plugin, an E20 license is required to set up multiple Jira instances. 

Author: I went ahead and removed the mention of an E20 license altogether, given we no longer sell it.

> For versions v3.0 and later of this plugin, support for multiple Jira instances is offered for Mattermost E20, Professional and Enterprise plans, configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://mattermost.gitbook.io/plugin-jira/administrator-guide/administrator-slash-commands). Note that for versions v3.0.0 and v3.0.1 of this plugin, an E20 license is required to set up multiple Jira instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For versions v3.0 and later of this plugin, support for multiple Jira instances is offered for Mattermost E20, Professional and Enterprise plans, configured using [Administrator Slash Commands](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-jira#readme). Note that for versions v3.0.0 and v3.0.1 of this plugin, an E20 license is required to set up multiple Jira instances. 
```
